THIS INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “**SECURITIES
ACT**”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES.  THESE SECURITIES MAY
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS
PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.  

**[Company Name]**

**SAFE**

**(Simple Agreement for Future Equity)**

THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by \[Investor Name\] (the
“**Investor**”) of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the “**Purchase Amount**”) on
or about [Date of Safe], [Company Name], a [State of Incorporation] corporation
(the “**Company**”), hereby issues to the Investor the right to certain shares
of the Company’s capital stock, subject to the terms set forth below.

The “**Valuation Cap**” is \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.  See **Section 2** for
certain additional defined terms.

**1.Events**

**(a) Equity Financing**. If there is an Equity Financing before the expiration
or termination of this instrument, the Company will automatically issue to the
Investor either:

1.  a number of shares of Standard Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount
    divided by the price per share of the Standard Preferred Stock, if the
    pre-money valuation is less than or equal to the Valuation Cap; or

2.  a number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount
    divided by the Safe Price, if the pre-money valuation is greater than the
    Valuation Cap.

In connection with the issuance of Standard Preferred Stock or Safe Preferred
Stock, as applicable, by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Section
1(a):

1.  The Investor will execute and deliver to the Company all transaction
    documents related to the Equity Financing; *provided,* that such transaction
    documents are the same documents to be entered into with the purchasers of
    the Standard Preferred Stock, with appropriate variations for the Safe
    Preferred Stock if applicable; 

2.  The Investor and the Company will execute a Pro Rata Rights Agreement,
    unless the Investor is already included in such rights in the transaction
    documents related to the Equity Financing.

**(b) Liquidity Event**.  If there is a Liquidity Event before the expiration or
termination of this instrument, the Investor will, at its option, either (i)
receive a cash payment equal to the Purchase Amount (subject to the following
paragraph) or (ii) automatically receive from the Company a number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price, if the
Investor fails to select the cash option.

In connection with Section 1(b)(i), the Purchase Amount will be due and payable
by the Company to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the
consummation of the Liquidity Event. If there are not enough funds to pay the
Investor and holders of other Safes (collectively, the “**Cash-Out Investors**”)
in full, then all of the Company’s available funds will be distributed with
equal priority and *pro rata* among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to
their Purchase Amounts, and the Cash-Out Investors will automatically receive
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the remaining unpaid Purchase
Amount divided by the Liquidity Price.  In connection with a Change of Control
intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization, the Company may reduce, *pro
rata*, the Purchase Amounts payable to the Cash-Out Investors by the amount
determined by its board of directors in good faith to be advisable for such
Change of Control to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, and in such case, the Cash-Out Investors will automatically
receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the remaining unpaid
Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price.

**(c) Dissolution Event**. If there is a Dissolution Event before this instrument
expires or terminates, the Company will pay the Investor an amount equal to the
Purchase Amount, due and payable to the Investor immediately prior to, or
concurrent with, the consummation of the Dissolution Event. The Purchase Amount
will be paid prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of
the Company to holders of the Company’s capital stock by reason of their
ownership of such stock. If immediately prior to the consummation of the
Dissolution Event, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution
to the Investor and all holders of all other SAFEs (the “**Dissolving
Investors**”), as determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors,
are insufficient to permit the payment to the Dissolving Investors of their
respective Purchase Amounts, then the entire assets of the Company legally
available for distribution will be distributed with equal priority and *pro
rata* among the Dissolving Investors in proportion to the Purchase Amounts they
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 1(c). After the
payment, or setting aside payment, to the Investor, this instrument will expire
and terminate.

**(d) Termination**.  This instrument will expire and terminate (without
relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or
non-compliance with this instrument) upon either (i) the issuance of stock to
the Investor pursuant to Section 1(a) or Section 1(b)(ii); or (ii) the payment,
or setting aside for payment, of amounts due the Investor pursuant to Section
1(b)(i) or Section 1(c).

**2. Definitions**

“**Change of Control**” means (i) a transaction or series of related
transactions in which any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of Section
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the
“beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the
outstanding voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the
election of members of the Company’s board of directors, (ii) any
reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction
or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities
of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of
related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented
by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or
resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

“**Common Stock**” means the common stock of the Company. 

“**Company Capitalization**” means the sum of: (i) all shares of the Company’s
capital stock (on an as-converted basis) issued and outstanding, assuming
exercise or conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants
and other convertible securities, but excluding (A) this instrument, (B) all
other Safes, and (C) convertible promissory notes; and (ii) all shares of Common
Stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or
similar plan of the Company, including any equity incentive or similar plan
created or increased in connection with the Equity Financing. 

“**Distribution**” means the transfer to holders of the Company’s capital stock
by reason of their ownership of such stock of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on
the Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of
shares of the Company by the Company or its subsidiaries for cash or property
other than: (i) repurchases of the Common Stock issued to or held by employees,
officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for
the right of said repurchase, (ii) repurchases of Common Stock issued to or held
by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its
subsidiaries pursuant to rights of first refusal contained in agreements
providing for such right and (iii) repurchases of capital stock of the Company
in connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder.

“**Dissolution Event**” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a
general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (**excluding** a Liquidity
Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.

“**Equity Financing**” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions
with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company
issues and sells shares of preferred stock of the Company at a fixed pre-money
valuation. 

“**Initial Public Offering**” means the closing of the Company’s first firm
commitment underwritten initial public offering of the Common Stock pursuant to
a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“**Securities Act**”).

“**Liquidity Capitalization**” means all shares of the Company’s capital stock
(on an as-converted basis) issued and outstanding, assuming exercise or
conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants and other
convertible securities, but excluding: (i) all shares of the Common Stock
reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar
plan of the Company; (ii) this instrument; (iii) all other Safes; and (iv)
convertible promissory notes.

“**Liquidity Event**” means a Change of Control or an Initial Public Offering. 

“**Liquidity Price**” means the price per share equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (i) the Valuation Cap by (ii) the Liquidity Capitalization as of
immediately prior to the Liquidity Event.

“**Pro Rata Rights Agreement**” means a written agreement between the Company
and the Investor (and holders of other Safes, as appropriate) giving the
Investor a right to purchase its *pro rata* share of private placements of
securities by the Company **occurring after the Equity Financing**, subject to
customary exceptions.  *Pro rata* for purposes of the Pro Rata Rights Agreement
will be calculated based on the ratio of (a) the number of shares of capital
stock of the Company owned by the Investor immediately prior to the issuance of
the securities to (b) the total number of shares of outstanding capital stock of
the Company on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of immediately prior to the
issuance of the securities.  

“**Safe**” means an instrument containing a future right to the Company’s
capital stock, similar in form and content to this instrument, purchased by
investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations.

“**Safe Preferred Stock**” means the shares of a series of the Company’s
preferred stock issued to the Investor in an Equity Financing, having the
identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the shares of
Standard Preferred Stock, **other than with respect to the per share liquidation
preference, which will equal the SAFE Price**, as well as price-based
antidilution protection and dividend rights, which will be based on such Safe
Price.

“**Safe Price**” means the price per share equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (i) the Valuation Cap by (ii) either (A) the Company Capitalization as
of immediately prior to the Equity Financing or (B) the capitalization of the
Company used to calculate the price per share of the Standard Preferred Stock,
whichever calculation results in a lower price.

“**Standard Preferred Stock**” means the shares of a series of the Company’s
preferred stock issued to the investors investing new money in the Company in
connection with the initial closing of the Equity Financing.

“**Subsequent Convertible Securities**” means convertible securities that the
Company may issue after the issuance of this instrument for with the principal
purpose of raising capital, including but not limited to, other Safes,
convertible debt instruments and other convertible securities.  Subsequent
Convertible Securities excludes (i) options issued pursuant to any equity
incentive or similar plan of the Company, (ii) convertible securities issued or
issuable to (A) banks, equipment lessors, financial institutions or other
persons engaged in the business of making loans pursuant to a debt financing or
commercial leasing or (B) suppliers or third party service providers in
connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions and
(iii) convertible securities issued or issuable in connection with sponsored
research, collaboration, technology license, development, OEM, marketing or
other similar agreements or strategic partnerships.

 3. “**MFN**” **Amendment Provision**. If the Company issues any Subsequent
Convertible Securities prior to the termination of this instrument, the Company
will promptly provide the Investor with written notice thereof, together with a
copy of all documentation relating to such Subsequent Convertible Securities
and, upon written request of the Investor, any additional information related to
such Subsequent Convertible Securities as may be reasonably requested by the
Investor.  In the event the Investor determines that the terms of the Subsequent
Convertible Securities are preferable to the terms of this instrument, the
Investor will notify the Company in writing. Promptly after receipt of such
written notice from the Investor, the Company agrees to amend and restate this
Safe to be identical to the instruments evidencing the Subsequent Convertible
Securities.

4.**Company Representations**

1.  (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
    standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power
    and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its
    business as now conducted.

2.  (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this instrument
    is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect to the
    actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to the Investor, has been
    duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This
    instrument constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company,
    enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
    limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application
    relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and
    general principles of equity.  To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in
    violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii)
    any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii)
    any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by
    which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default,
    individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

3.  (c) The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
    instrument do not and will not: (i) violate the any material judgment,
    statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the
    acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a
    party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition
    of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Company or the
    suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or
    authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations.

4.  (d) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance
    of this instrument, other than: (i) the Company’s corporate approvals; (ii)
    any qualifications or filings under applicable securities laws; and (iii)
    necessary corporate approvals for the authorization of any shares of capital
    stock of the Company issued pursuant to Section 1.

5.  (e) To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on
    commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents,
    trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses,
    information, processes and other intellectual property rights necessary for
    its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted,
    without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, others.

5.**Investor Representations**

1.  (a) The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute and
    deliver this instrument and to perform its obligations hereunder. This
    instrument constitutes valid and binding obligation of the Investor,
    enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy,
    insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the
    enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of
    equity. 

2.  (b) The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in
    Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Investor has been
    advised that this instrument and the underlying securities have not been
    registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and,
    therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Securities
    Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from such
    registration requirements is available. The Investor is purchasing this
    instrument and the securities to be acquired by the Investor hereunder for
    its own account for investment, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a
    view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and the
    Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in,
    or otherwise distributing the same. The Investor has such knowledge and
    experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is capable of
    evaluating the merits and risks of such investment, is able to incur a
    complete loss of such investment without impairing the Investor’s financial
    condition and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an
    indefinite period of time. 

6.**Miscellaneous**

1.  (a) Any provision of this instrument may be amended, waived or modified only
    upon the written consent of the Company and the Investor.  

2.  (b) Any notice required or permitted by this instrument will be deemed
    sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by
    email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, or 48 hours
    after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with
    postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s
    address listed on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written
    notice.

3.  (c) The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this instrument, to vote or
    receive dividends or be deemed the holder of the Company’s capital stock for
    any purpose, nor will anything contained herein be construed to confer upon
    the Investor, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or
    any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted
    to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to
    any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive
    subscription rights or otherwise until shares have been issued upon the
    terms as described herein.

4.  (d) Neither this instrument nor the rights contained herein may be assigned,
    by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written
    consent of the other; *provided, however*, that the rights of the Investor
    may be assigned without the Company’s consent by the Investor to any other
    entity who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under
    common control with the Investor, including, without limitation, any general
    partner, managing member, officer or director of the Investor, or any
    venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one or
    more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management
    company with, the Investor; and *provided, further*, that the Company may
    assign this instrument in whole, without the consent of the Investor, in
    connection with a reincorporation to change the Company’s domicile.  

5.  (e) In the event any one or more of the provisions of this instrument is for
    any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part
    or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of
    this instrument operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this
    instrument, then and in any such event, such provision(s) only will be
    deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this
    instrument and the remaining provisions of this instrument will remain
    operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced,
    or disturbed thereby. 

6.  (f) All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the
    State of [Governing Law Jurisdiction], without regard to the conflicts of
    law provisions of such jurisdiction.

(*Signature page follows*)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this instrument to be duly
executed and delivered.

 

**[COMPANY]**

By:

Name:

Title:

Address: 

Email:

 

**[INVESTOR]**

By:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email:
