THIS INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
“**SECURITIES ACT**”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN
STATES.  THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT
AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.  

[**COMPANY NAME**]

**SAFE **

**(Simple Agreement for Future Equity)**

THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by [Investor Name]
(the “**Investor**”) of $[________] (the “**Purchase Amount**”) on or
about [Date of Safe], [Company Name], a [State of Incorporation]
corporation (the “**Company**”), hereby issues to the Investor the
right to certain shares of the Company’s capital stock, subject to the
terms set forth below. 

The “**Valuation Cap**” is $[___________].  

The “**Discount Rate**” is [_100 minus the discount_]%.

See **Section 2** for certain additional defined terms.

**1._Events_**

(a)**Equity Financing**. If there is an Equity Financing before the
expiration or termination of this instrument, the Company will
automatically issue to the Investor a number of shares of Safe
Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Conversion
Price.

In connection with the issuance of Safe Preferred Stock by the Company
to the Investor pursuant to this Section 1(a): 

(i) The Investor will execute and deliver to the Company all
transaction documents related to the Equity Financing; _provided,
_that such documents are the same documents to be entered into with
the purchasers of Standard Preferred Stock, with appropriate
variations for the Safe Preferred Stock if applicable, and _provided
further,_ that such documents have customary exceptions to any
drag-along applicable to the Investor, including, without limitation,
limited representations and warranties and limited liability and
indemnification obligations on the part of the Investor; and

(ii)The Investor and the Company will execute a Pro Rata Rights
Agreement, unless the Investor is already included in such rights in
the transaction documents related to the Equity Financing.

(b)**Liquidity Event**.  If there is a Liquidity Event before the
expiration or termination of this instrument, the Investor will, at
its option, either (i) receive a cash payment equal to the Purchase
Amount (subject to the following paragraph) or (ii) automatically
receive from the Company a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price, if the Investor
fails to select the cash option.  

In connection with Section (b)(i), the Purchase Amount will be due and
payable by the Company to the Investor immediately prior to, or
concurrent with, the consummation of the Liquidity Event. If there are
not enough funds to pay the Investor and holders of other Safes
(collectively, the “**Cash-Out Investors**”) in full, then all of the
Company’s available funds will be distributed with equal priority and
_pro rata_ among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to their
Purchase Amounts, and the Cash-Out Investors will automatically
receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the remaining
unpaid Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price.  In connection
with a Change of Control intended to qualify as a tax-free
reorganization, the Company may reduce, _pro rata_, the Purchase
Amounts payable to the Cash-Out Investors by the amount determined by
its board of directors in good faith to be advisable for such Change
of Control to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, and in such case, the Cash-Out Investors will
automatically receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the remaining unpaid Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price.

(c)**Dissolution Event**. If there is a Dissolution Event before this
instrument expires or terminates, the Company will pay an amount equal
to the Purchase Amount, due and payable to the Investor immediately
prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation of the Dissolution
Event. The Purchase Amount will be paid prior and in preference to any
Distribution of any of the assets of the Company to holders of
outstanding Capital Stock by reason of their ownership thereof. If
immediately prior to the consummation of the Dissolution Event, the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution to the
Investor and all holders of all other Safes (the “**Dissolving
Investors**”), as determined in good faith by the Company’s board of
directors, are insufficient to permit the payment to the Dissolving
Investors of their respective Purchase Amounts, then the entire assets
of the Company legally available for distribution will be distributed
with equal priority and _pro rata_ among the Dissolving Investors in
proportion to the Purchase Amounts they would otherwise be entitled to
receive pursuant to this Section 1(c).

(d)**Termination**.  This instrument will expire and terminate
(without relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior
breach of or non-compliance with this instrument) upon either (i) the
issuance of stock to the Investor pursuant to Section 1(a) or Section
1(b)(ii); or (ii) the payment, or setting aside for payment, of
amounts due the Investor pursuant to Section 1(b)(i) or Section 1(c).

2.**_Definitions_**

“**Capital Stock**” means the capital stock of the Company, including,
without limitation, the “**Common Stock**” and the “**Preferred
Stock**.”

“**Change of Control**” means (i) a transaction or series of related
transactions in which any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended), becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or
indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of
the Company having the right to vote for the election of members of
the Company’s board of directors, (ii) any reorganization, merger or
consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of
related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of
the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or
series of related transactions retain, immediately after such
transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of
the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting
securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity
or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company.  

“**Company Capitalization**” means the **sum**, as of immediately
prior to the Equity Financing, of: (**1**) all shares of Capital Stock
(on an as-converted basis) issued and outstanding, assuming exercise
or conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants
and other convertible securities, but excluding (A) this instrument,
(B) all other Safes, and (C) convertible promissory notes; **and**
(**2**) all shares of Common Stock reserved and available for future
grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of the Company,
and/or any equity incentive or similar plan to be created or increased
in connection with the Equity Financing.

“**Conversion Price**” means the either: (1) the Safe Price or (2) the
Discount Price, whichever calculation results in a greater number of
shares of Safe Preferred Stock.

“**Discount Price**” means the price per share of the Standard
Preferred Stock sold in the Equity Financing multiplied by the
Discount Rate. 

“**Distribution**” means the transfer to holders of Capital Stock by
reason of their ownership thereof of cash or other property without
consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than
dividends on Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or
redemption of Capital Stock by the Company or its subsidiaries for
cash or property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock held by
employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its
subsidiaries pursuant to an agreement providing, as applicable, a
right of first refusal or a right to repurchase shares upon
termination of such service provider’s employment or services; or
(ii) repurchases of Capital Stock in connection with the settlement of
disputes with any stockholder.

“**Dissolution Event**” means (i) a voluntary termination of
operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s
creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company (**excluding** a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or
involuntary.

“**Equity Financing**” means a bona fide transaction or series of
transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant
to which the Company issues and sells Preferred Stock at a fixed
pre-money valuation. 

 “**Initial Public Offering**” means the closing of the Company’s
 first firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common
 Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities
 Act.

“**Liquidity Capitalization**” means the number, as of immediately
prior to the Liquidity Event, of shares of Capital Stock (on an
as-converted basis) outstanding, assuming exercise or conversion of
all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants and other
convertible securities, but**excluding**: (i) shares of Common Stock
reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or
similar plan; (ii) this instrument; (iii) other Safes; and (iv)
convertible promissory notes.

“**Liquidity Event**” means a Change of Control or an Initial Public
Offering. 

“**Liquidity Price**” means the price per share equal to the Valuation
Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization.

“**Pro Rata Rights Agreement**” means a written agreement between the
Company and the Investor (and holders of other Safes, as appropriate)
giving the Investor a right to purchase its _pro rata_ share of
private placements of securities by the Company **occurring after the
Equity Financing**, subject to customary exceptions.  _Pro rata _for
purposes of the Pro Rata Rights Agreementwill be calculated based on
the ratio of (1) the number of shares of Capital Stock owned by the
Investor immediately prior to the issuance of the securities to (2)
the total number of shares of outstanding Capital Stock on a fully
diluted basis, calculated as of immediately prior to the issuance of
the securities.  

 “**Safe**” means an instrument containing a future right to shares of
 Capital Stock, similar in form and content to this instrument,
 purchased by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s
 business operations.

“**Safe****Preferred Stock**” means the shares of a series of
Preferred Stock issued to the Investor in an Equity Financing, having
the identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the
shares of Standard Preferred Stock, other than with respect to: (i)
the per share liquidation preference and the conversion price for
purposes of price-based anti-dilution protection, which will equal the
Conversion Price; and (ii) the basis for any dividend rights, which
will be based on the Conversion Price.

“**Safe Price**” means the price per share equal to the Valuation Cap
divided by the Company Capitalization.

“**Standard Preferred Stock**” means the shares of a series of
Preferred Stock issued to the investors investing new money in the
Company in connection with the initial closing of the Equity
Financing.

 3.**_Company Representations_**

(a)The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and
has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and carry on its business as now conducted.

(b)The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this instrument is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to the Investor, has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This instrument constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.  To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

(c)The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this instrument do not and will not: (i) violate any material
judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company;
(ii) result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or
(iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any
property, asset or revenue of the Company or the suspension,
forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or
authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations.

(d)No consents or approvals are required in connection with the
performance of this instrument, other than: (i) the Company’s
corporate approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under
applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals
for the authorization of Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.

(e)To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on
commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets,
licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property
rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently
proposed to be conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement
of the rights of, others.

4.**_Investor Representations_**

(a)The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to
execute and deliver this instrument and to perform its obligations
hereunder. This instrument constitutes valid and binding obligation of
the Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights
generally and general principles of equity. 

(b)The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in
Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Investor has
been advised that this instrument and the underlying securities have
not been registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities
laws and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an
exemption from such registration requirements is available. The
Investor is purchasing this instrument and the securities to be
acquired by the Investor hereunder for its own account for investment,
not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in
connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has no
present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or
otherwise distributing the same. The Investor has such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment, is able
to incur a complete loss of such investment without impairing the
Investor’s financial condition and is able to bear the economic risk
of such investment for an indefinite period of time. 

5.**_Miscellaneous_**

(a)Any provision of this instrument may be amended, waived or modified
only upon the written consent of the Company and the Investor.  

(b)Any notice required or permitted by this instrument will be deemed
sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent
by email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, or 48
hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or
registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be
notified at such party’s address listed on the signature page, as
subsequently modified by written notice.

(c)The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this instrument, to
vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Capital Stock for
any purpose, nor will anything contained herein be construed to confer
on the Investor, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the
Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any
matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or
withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of
meetings, or to receive subscription rights or otherwise until shares
have been issued upon the terms described herein.

(d)Neither this instrument nor the rights contained herein may be
assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without
the prior written consent of the other; _provided, however_, that this
instrument and/or the rights contained herein may be assigned without
the Company’s consent by the Investor to any other entity who directly
or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with the Investor, including, without limitation, any general partner,
managing member, officer or director of the Investor, or any venture
capital fund now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one or
more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same
management company with, the Investor; and _provided, further_, that
the Company may assign this instrument in whole, without the consent
of the Investor, in connection with a reincorporation to change the
Company’s domicile.  

(e)In the event any one or more of the provisions of this instrument
is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in
whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or
more of the provisions of this instrument operate or would
prospectively operate to invalidate this instrument, then and in any
such event, such provision(s) only will be deemed null and void and
will not affect any other provision of this instrument and the
remaining provisions of this instrument will remain operative and in
full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or
disturbed thereby. 

(f)All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws
of the State of [Governing Law Jurisdiction], without regard to the
conflicts of law provisions of such jurisdiction.

(_Signature page follows_)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this instrument to be
duly executed and delivered.

[**COMPANY]**

By:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email:

**INVESTOR:**

By:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email: